hey guys so today I have an overview for
you all
it's another Aliexpress review I'm
trying to do more Aliexpress reviews
because a lot of my subscribers have
been telling me that they want me to do
companies that are more affordable for
like a college student or someone that
just you know gets paid minimum wage I
know everyone can't afford four and $500
hair so I'm gonna start doing more
Aliexpress reviews and maybe some
reviews that I've done in the past that
we're really really affordable like the
right way of hair just for you hair hair
that a lot of people want to see again
and maybe like a different texture this
time so I'm gonna be doing more of that
and also a lot of people have been
telling me that they want to see more
from me than just hair reviews so please
in the description box or you can email
me at your door Lauren 93 at gmail.com
or you can DM you on instagram my
instagram is acted or lor just tell me
what you want to see from me from you
know makeup hauls
I just did a makeup all you know
clothing hauls old TVs
double-o TVs and you know just show me
what you want to see from me I don't
want my channel to be you know just
about hair reviews on lines different
stuff um just don't ask me to do makeup
tutorials because like I've told you
guys in the past like since I started my
channel I do not wear like a lot of
makeup my makeup like my makeup tutorial
would literally be 50 seconds like if
that I put on mascara eyeliner and
lipstick I do not wear like makeup I
never got into wearing a whole bunch of
makeup so that's why I did um my
lipstick haul because all I do is really
wear lipstick and eyeliner that's pretty
much it so just let me know what you
want to see from me and I'll be glad to
do anything you guys want to see if it's
a product that you want me to review
I'll go out and I'll buy it and I'll
review it for you guys anything that you
want to see just let me know down in the
description box
let's get into this video and I'll see
you guys later all right okay guys so
this company on Aliexpress is queen hair
products there another popular vendor on
Aliexpress that a lot of people have
done reviews for I'm gonna be doing a
lot more Aliexpress reviews have like
three or four Aliexpress companies
sending me things because I do want to
do things that are more affordable for
you guys I want but I'm also gonna do
companies that have a lot of reviews on
on YouTube I'm not gonna do like just
random companies cuz there's thousands
of companies on Express and I only want
to do the ones that are you know that a
lot of people recognize the most like mu
star clean cleaning beauty you know roll
the hair products companies like that so
definitely check out and stay tuned for
more of those Aliexpress reviews because
I'm going to be doing a lot more
I love Aliexpress and that's where I
shops but you know the fresher hair
before I started getting here sent to me
for free for review so I definitely want
to do that for you guys so they sent me
out Brazilian straight hair which I
haven't had in a while I've been doing a
lot of Brazilian curly loose wave body
weight but I have not gotten Brazilian
straight in a really long time so um
yeah I decided to go with Brazilian
straight and I got it in a 26 26 24 and
a 22 I didn't get closer this time this
is my leave out I did so this hair onto
a cap and this one like I was like
really really like lazy I did not do
this cap really really good like I
really have to like work with this
capsule put it on my head because I
messed up this cap so bad and I was
going to show you guys how I did my my
cat might make my new parts but I'll use
it on another one cuz I did not do good
with this one but it's working for now
it's good so um yeah I got this hair a
couple weeks ago I've been wearing it
for like a week I'm gonna start wearing
the hair for like a week before I do the
initial review video just like again
more of a
I feel like an initial review video it's
like kind of pointless because usually a
lot of people when they do they're in
the short view it's like as soon as they
get their hair done and I can't give you
like a truthful like first review unless
that where they have for at least a week
at least so I've been wearing there for
about a week so in a couple weeks all do
like you know my midway review on this
hair but so far this hair is really bomb
and I've never tried clean hair products
before this is the only company of
included Beauty that I am trying this is
my second company that I don't I'll
Express I've never tried any other
company besides cleaning Beauty so I'm
really really excited and impressed with
this Brazilian hair from Aliexpress and
it's so funny that all these established
companies have sent me Brazilian hair
and the only good resilient hair that
I've gotten it's from Aliexpress the
like you know the website that
everyone's scared to buy off of and they
think that their hair is horrible but al
Express hair is bomb if you know what
company is to get it from so as far as
shedding and tangling I've gotten some
shedding only because when I was sewing
the hair on to the tap I finished and I
noticed that the hair was like super
super thin that's probably the only con
I have with this hair when I got the
bundles it was pretty thin especially I
mean I know I got 26 inches but I've
gotten straight hair 26 inches down were
a lot thicker so when I finished I use
it on two and a half three but about
three bundles and the hair looks super
thin and I'm not down with like thin
straight hair so I had to go back and I
had to cut my left and fill in the gaps
with some primer with my remaining
bundle and um yeah because the hair was
like really thin so now it's nice and
small but if you're getting anything
past like 22 inches I would say you
definitely need four bundles and you're
gonna use all four bundles I would only
recommend three bundles being full
enough if you're not getting anything
past like 22 and yeah I used all four
bundles and I rarely use all four
bundles in my hair usually three is like
full enough but with this hair it was a
little thin
but now it's perfectly fun and you know
I love it the hair is nice and full now
another really good pros at this hair
this hair holds a curl really really
well and I don't know what if it's
because I get to take this hair off at
the end of the day because I put I don't
show my new parts in I just poke weak
lips all around and I just clip it into
my hair and cover my hair over it um I
take the hair off every night so I guess
that's why the curls like you know hold
but other than that like during the day
when I'm out and about the curls do not
drop at all this hair holds a curl
really really well and I was really
impressed with that because a lot of
times when I get curly what get straight
here and I curl it the curls drop like
within the first couple hours this hair
I went to work like 9 to 6 for like 3
days and the curls stayed perfectly fine
I have not had to curl my hair like this
whole week I curled it on Monday and
it's Friday now so these are the same
crop that have not put a flat iron or
curling iron into this hair since Monday
so the fact that I can hold a curl is
really really well especially for
straight hair tangling is I don't get
any tangling shedding only because I did
have to cut my left and fill in the gaps
but other than that the hair is bomb
like I really do like this hair um I'm
really really impressed after say I'm
really really impressed I don't know if
I like it more than queen bee queen we
beauty yet and my teeth it might be just
as good but I'll definitely keep you
guys updated on this hair and I will see
you guys later don't forget to tell me
what you want to see from me and leave
it down in the comment box
I said description box before but
comment box leave everything you want me
to do in the comment box email me go on
my Instagram DM me anything you want me
to do I will do it for you guys because
I don't want my channel to be
one-dimensional and you know I don't
want to get sick of doing hair reviews
so yeah I'll see you guys later